# git-remote-add-origin-https-github.com-Sam1522-My-Journey
The solution will seek to show the state of financial inclusion in Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania, and Uganda, while giving in depth insights into some of the key demographic factors that might drive individuals’ financial outcomes.

Financial inclusion refers to the when individual and businesses can access useful and affordable financial products and services that meet their needs. Financial inclusion is one of the factors that has has been identified as an enabler for 7 out of 17 Sustainable Developmnet Goals. Te access to a bank account enables individuals to store money, send and receive payments and hence acting as an enabler of managing their financial lives. Financial inclusion has been an elusive aspect hindering the economic and human development of people in East Africa. In Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania, and Uganda financial inclusion rates have been seen to be as low as 9.1 million adults (or 13.9% of the adult population) having access to or using a commercial bank account. Having access to a bank account is susually viewed as an indicator of financial inclusion. Having a bank account has a significant contribution to economic growth. This analysis seeks to to figure out how we can predict the individuals most likely to have or use a bank account.
Demographic aspects of the individual determine their financial inclusion status. Demographic factors that are significant are gender, age, household size, area of residence, marital status, employment status, income and educational level.
